they brought him in to solve an
unspeakable crime detective Dormer is
such an honor to meet you I'm detective
le Burke welcome to night mute so
incredible to be working with you the
Leyland Street murders was my case study
at the academy someone out there just
beat a 17 year old girl to death your
job is to find him doesn't say in the
report that he clipped her nails he
washed her hair no mutilation not this
time he tortures him makes him do things
and keeps him there for three days this
guy he crossed the line and he didn't
even blink what detective Dormer doesn't
know is that murder is only part of the
plan
domi killing changes it's like Who am I
speaking to
he will told you you're not sure secret
we know how is it is to kill somebody
you will torment you he will get inside
your head
they're great respect for your
profession the situation isn't yours to
control will you try to impress me
Yvonne there's no evidence that I killed
Kay you only know it because I told you
are you doing okay I mean you haven't
been sleeping much detective dawn you
know the night up like this you're
really gonna lose it now the game has
turned deadlier than he ever imagined
this whole thing you don't even work
with me
there she Finch
don't worry well you can sleep when
you're dead
[Music]